c:\users\neomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Emergency\Emergency\bin\Debug\Emergency.exe.config
c:\users\neomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Emergency\Emergency\bin\Debug\Emergency.exe
c:\users\neomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Emergency\Emergency\bin\Debug\Emergency.pdb
c:\users\neomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Emergency\Emergency\obj\Debug\Emergency.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\neomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Emergency\Emergency\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\neomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Emergency\Emergency\obj\Debug\Views\AnalysisUC.g.cs
c:\users\neomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Emergency\Emergency\obj\Debug\Views\IdentificationUC.g.cs
c:\users\neomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Emergency\Emergency\obj\Debug\Views\CollectDetailsUC.g.cs
c:\users\neomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Emergency\Emergency\obj\Debug\Views\UpdateResultsUC.g.cs
c:\users\neomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Emergency\Emergency\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDetailsUC.g.cs
c:\users\neomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Emergency\Emergency\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\neomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Emergency\Emergency\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\neomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Emergency\Emergency\obj\Debug\Emergency_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\neomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Emergency\Emergency\obj\Debug\Emergency_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\neomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Emergency\Emergency\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\neomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Emergency\Emergency\obj\Debug\Views\AnalysisUC.baml
c:\users\neomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Emergency\Emergency\obj\Debug\Views\IdentificationUC.baml
c:\users\neomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Emergency\Emergency\obj\Debug\Views\CollectDetailsUC.baml
c:\users\neomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Emergency\Emergency\obj\Debug\Views\UpdateResultsUC.baml
c:\users\neomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Emergency\Emergency\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDetailsUC.baml
c:\users\neomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Emergency\Emergency\obj\Debug\Emergency.g.resources
c:\users\neomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Emergency\Emergency\obj\Debug\Emergency.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\neomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Emergency\Emergency\obj\Debug\Emergency.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\neomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Emergency\Emergency\obj\Debug\Emergency.exe
c:\users\neomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Emergency\Emergency\obj\Debug\Emergency.pdb
